This is a module to use sonar with play. It is an alpha version.
You need your own sonar server and the "Java Runner for sonar":http://docs.codehaus.org/display/SONAR/Analyse+with+a+simple+Java+Runner .

h2. How it works

This module generates  the sonar config file for your application at your application root folder (_sonar-project.properties_).
In addition it precompiles the classes for findbugs. For findbugs are only the production classes accessible.

h2. Example

Download this entire folder.
In folder _exampleApp_ is a play app that uses this module. 

h2. Module installation

Add this modules to your _dependencies.yml_ and add the following keys to your _application.conf_:

<pre>application.groupId=tld.company
application.version = 0.1
#only for analysis based on maven (given value is default)
sonar.host.url=http://localhost:9000</pre>

The Java Runner for sonar should be available in ${PATH}, so you can call it with _sonar-runner_.

h2. Run the analysis

Start your sonar server and enter in your command line to Call the sonar Java Runner:
<pre>play auto-test --deps && play sonar && sonar-runner</pre>

Alternatively call Maven 2:
<pre>play auto-test --deps &&play sonar && mvn sonar:sonar</pre>

h2. Licence

Copyright 2012 Michael Schleichardt

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License..